hi everyone knows zerka
today we find ourselves for a
new glitch video on gt5 online
we update 1.15 to have a
kind of torno hostile zone of tron
as you have been many
to have asked me so not
start again slips I give you is
just have like color crewe
before all turquoise so it's between the
blue and green
and so my for those who do not know
not really comment ben you have to
simply be either the leader of a
crew or otherwise that your neck to this
color there
so if you want to have the
exact color I advise you to go
in the description of the video
you will find a link of a video
to have secret colors thanks
in the colors of costs and in this
video I show you the color
so that once you have to
pretty much the turquoise color like
color of crewe and well you go
able to start the glitch on your
cornea area which you will start
not master of matte black as I
shows in the video once you
did that and marsala or the glitch goes
start at you will simply have to
to improve the category of paintings
metallised
you did not buy any painting
just have to redo several
times back to go to the menu
main of los santos custom and you
will simply have to change lighthouses
of colors their children you did
this and well forgot to see another one
time you find yourself in the colors
main
you have the right this time
go in the pearlescent category and a
fault in this pearlescent category and
despite I'm pretty much realize you
just have to be like color
green oil that a pretty turquoise glass
is dark enough that have perfectly
with vehicle and does not account caused
well done that you have to put like
secondary colors the color of croo
so the turquoise color so at
passage only for those who really
the laziness of creating a master stroke
this turquoise color like so many
well then it hits you can also
do it with the ultra blue but I
think it's really
much more beautiful with the colors of
sure crusts headdress so for the spoiler
I advise you to put the last
it gives a more futuristic aspect to the
zec tarnos and thereafter as red and
Well, I strongly advise you to
keep the wheels default because actually
if you do not touch the eba
normally through painting
secondary that you will have to put as
color to prove his say the
turquoise and ben the outline of your wheels
will also be in turquoise and that's it
that will allow you to really have
the tron ​​style and I think that's
makes it really sucks endro beautiful
so here I think I almost have
right away for this audience what is
really super simple and especially super
nice to have a beautiful inferno
really minutes that is really
beautiful to see when it's dark because we
looks like it's a little fluorescent
in passing
normally in the week or even
maybe tomorrow I 'll put a video of
glitch on black ops 2 in zombie mode
normally and so here I think little
after having said everything for this little glitch
is in any case I strongly hope he
you will have liked it and especially that it will have you
helped if that's the case really did
not to put a little green thumb that me
will be extremely pleasant to the passage
also do not hesitate to come to me
follow on twitter and facebook
mia will be in the description of
the video as well as the tutorial of this
glitch of me so I tell you to very
soon for next videos from
youtube on call of duty or on gta who
will arrive quarter to the machines that
everyone bye